OSDOCS-10894:adds troubleshooting to ANP (#77463)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ovn-k-anp-troubeshooting.adoc

//module included in the following assemblies:
//
//networking/network_security/AdminNetworkPolicy/nw-ovn-k-anp-troubleshooting.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFRENCE
[id="anp-troubleshooting_{context}"]
= Checking creation of ANP

To check that your `AdminNetworkPolicy` (ANP) and `BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy` (BANP) are created correctly, check the status outputs of the following commands: `oc describe anp` or `oc describe banp`.

> A good status will indicate that `OVN DB plumbing was successful` and that `SetupSucceeded`

Reviewer: Just a wording suggestion
```suggestion
A good status indicates `OVN DB plumbing was successful` and the `SetupSucceeded`.
```

Author: I like this.

> A good status will indicate that `OVN DB plumbing was successful` and that `SetupSucceeded`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A good status will indicate that `OVN DB plumbing was successful` and that `SetupSucceeded`.
```

.Example ANP with a good status
[source,terminal]
----
...
Conditions:
Last Transition Time:  2024-06-08T20:29:00Z
Message:               Setting up OVN DB plumbing was successful
Reason:                SetupSucceeded
Status:                True
Type:                  Ready-In-Zone-ovn-control-plane Last Transition Time:  2024-06-08T20:29:00Z
Message:               Setting up OVN DB plumbing was successful
Reason:                SetupSucceeded
Status:                True
Type:                  Ready-In-Zone-ovn-worker
Last Transition Time:  2024-06-08T20:29:00Z
Message:               Setting up OVN DB plumbing was successful
Reason:                SetupSucceeded
Status:                True
Type:                  Ready-In-Zone-ovn-worker2
...
----

> If plumbing is unsuccessful, an error is reported from the respective zone controller.

Author: I'll put this in. I was waiting for my cluster to spin up and you beat me to it.

> If plumbing is unsuccessful, an error is reported from the respective zone controller.

Author: Done

> If the plumbing is unsuccessful, you will see an error reported from the respective zone controller on the status.

Reviewer: I dont think you need "you will see"
```suggestion
If plumbing is unsuccessful, an error is reported from the respective zone controller on the status.
```

Reviewer: Also, follow up question is the status just saying there was an error? If so I think you could leave that part out. So,
```suggestion
If plumbing is unsuccessful, an error is reported from the respective zone controller.
```

> See the following section for `nbctl` commands to help troubleshoot unsuccessful policies.

Reviewer: Do you think it would be useful to name the following section? I don't recall seeing something like this in the docs, but I also haven't explicitly looked for it.

Reviewer 2: The commands are actually ovn-nbctl
E.g.
<pre>
oc -n openshift-ovn-kubernetes exec -it ovnkube-node-fqgqn -- ovn-nbctl lr-route-list GR_openshift-qe-027.sriov.openshift-qe.sdn.com
</pre>
@JoeAldinger can use this format where you exec into pod and issue command instead of rsh into pod.

Author: @asood-rh I was trying to keep consistency with other procedures in the docs: https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.15/networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/ovn-kubernetes-architecture-assembly.html#nw-ovn-kubernetes-list-database-contents_ovn-kubernetes-architecture:~:text=the%20relevant%20node-,List,-pods%20by%20running

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFRENCE
[id="anp-troubleshooting_{context}"]
= Checking creation of ANP

To check that your `AdminNetworkPolicy` (ANP) and `BaselineAdminNetworkPolicy` (BANP) are created correctly, check the status outputs of the following commands: `kubectl get anp` or `kubectl get banp`.

A good status will indicate that `OVN DB plumbing was successful` and that `SetupSucceeded`

.Example ANP with a good status
[source,terminal]
----
...
Conditions:
Last Transition Time:  2024-06-08T20:29:00Z
Message:               Setting up OVN DB plumbing was successful
Reason:                SetupSucceeded
Status:                True
Type:                  Ready-In-Zone-ovn-control-plane Last Transition Time:  2024-06-08T20:29:00Z
Message:               Setting up OVN DB plumbing was successful
Reason:                SetupSucceeded
Status:                True
Type:                  Ready-In-Zone-ovn-worker
Last Transition Time:  2024-06-08T20:29:00Z
Message:               Setting up OVN DB plumbing was successful
Reason:                SetupSucceeded
Status:                True
Type:                  Ready-In-Zone-ovn-worker2
...

> ----

Reviewer 3: You suggest using `kubectl get` but the output on the example is from `kubectl describe`. It should be consistent (either provide some YAML output or change the suggestion to use describe)

In addition, it might be best to suggest using `oc` instead of `kubectl`. I know that `oc` is "`kubectl` plus more things" and that it behaves as `kubectl` if invoked as such, but for OCP documentation, it may be best to stick to use `oc` in the examples (in upstream docs, on the other hand, people have to use `kubectl` because `oc` is OCP-specific, but that's not our case here)

Author: I changed this to `oc describe anp` and `oc describe banp` that's what I used. I think this was just a mixup between writing from upstream and working on a live cluster.
